Update links, content and code block in serialize frontend course (#397)
solana-foundation/developer-content: content/courses/native-onchain-development/serialize-instruction-data-frontend.md

  signatures.
- To pass instruction data from a client, it must be serialized into a byte
  buffer. To facilitate this process of serialization, we will be using

>   [Borsh](https://github.com/near/borsh).

Reviewer: Borsh website is back up.

### Transactions

<Callout type="note">This course requires completing

> [Introduction to Solana](/content/courses/intro-to-solana) or equivalent

Reviewer: Add .md. See [CONTRIBUTING.md.](https://github.com/solana-foundation/developer-content/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md#links)

knowledge. It's also aimed at advanced developers that prefer more control over
the ease of use and safe defaults Anchor provides. If you're new to developing
onchain programs you may prefer
[Anchor](/content/courses/onchain-development)</Callout>

In [Introduction to Solana](/content/courses/intro-to-solana) we learned how to
create transactions with instructions for common Solana programs.

This lesson shows how to create instructions for our own native Solana programs,
which we will develop in a few lessons. Specifically, we're going to learn about

> serialization and deserialization, which is requiredfor native (non-Anchor)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
serialization and deserialization, which is required for native (non-Anchor)
```
